Nice things that we would want to discuss is this tactic really well we are looking at an on access
model for years and static one of the non-Access motivators and we can put static on member variables
or also on method.
So what would happen when I put a static on a radio.
What it would happen what would happen is that these become class level variables and that you know
that I can create a class and I can create multiple instances of that specific class.
Those are called objects.
All remember where the bills are typically object level object level in this sense.
If I create 10 instances of a class then there are then instances of those variables but static variables
are class level variables.
So what does that mean.
That means that if I'm great even if I'm creating 10 instances of that specific class there is only
one static variable for that in that class.
Even if they created handed variables 100 instances of that class for some very smart static then there
is only one instance of that specific variable.
So basically if you really want technical description of it then it means you can read this up.
Each instance of class that is the object will not have a unique copy of the study query but the static
variable will be shared across all instances of the class to really correct.
Actually you don't even need an instance of a class to access a static media.
But even if there are no answers of the class present even then you'd be able to access the static variable
in a class.
Let's look at a simple example.
So here I have a class called cricketer where I'm marking the count as static.
I want to keep track of how many cricket verbs are created.
So what I'm doing is in the constructor I'm incrementing count and whenever I create a character count
would increase and the count.
If you look at it here.
So as soon as I create for cricketer's what they can which will be printed that for.
Because the count.
There's only one variable called count that because we have static and then it would print four.
You can play with this for example it's also present in you're going to select the one from member modifiers.
Non-access and you'd see the example down here.
Try and play around with it.
You can also make this thing non-static now it's non-static.
So I would need to make this matter also non-static.
You can play around with it and see what would be the consequence when you do something of this kind.
So I try and play around with this and understand this a little bit more.
But to summarize the comparable here is now of a static variable.
And that means the static variable is shared across these instances.
Each of these instance will not have a copy of Tikhon's really but they have only a single shared instance.
And whenever one class modifies the static variable.
So if one object modifies the static variable even the other objects start seeing that change.
Let's look at a few more things about static modifier.
We are left into a class static modifier.
Examples where we have all these examples present.
So if what we have here is there is an instance where the A B and a static retrieval and the method
is static because there's a static keyword before that.
So in this Dabic method static method is a class level method.
And in a class level method you cannot access member level variables so instance variables are member
variables.
So if you're trying to access member variable in a class level method it would give you a compiler error.
However you can access class level variable so you can access that degradable.
What do you cannot access instance variable so in a class element method that's a static method you
can access class level variables but not membered level variables.
However in member level methods so instance method is a member level method in a member level method
you can access both class level things that static and instance variables that can only be applied on
variables defined in a class.
You cannot put static on a local variable.
So this is a local variable inside the method.
You cannot put that dick in there.
This would give you a compiler that for static methods and static variables are also available directly
on the class.
So I'm using class name and trying to access the value of the static variable that I loved.
And also I can use just the class name to call the static method.
That's also low.
You can also use object names.
I mean your example is an object of the static modified example.
You can also use example to access the static variable and static method.
But you can already see that there are kind of seditions from Eclipse that better access it in a static
way.
Why are you using a static only accessing a static variable from an instance even though it does not
give you a compilation error.
It's a warning.
So ideally we should use this class name to access the static variable but it's allowed to access it
through the instance as well.
Those are the different things that you would need to know about this.
That the keyword to be really simple and to put it.
If I have to summarize it it's basically this static method or static variables are class level methods
or class level variables and these are not created for each instance of every object.
These are shared between all instances of a class and therefore it's suggested to access these variables
or this method using the last name directly in a static method in a class level method only class level
where tables are available.
So you'll not be able to access instance level variables in a class level method.
However in an instance level method you can access class level variables you can access that equipment
so that's a quick summary.
I would really recommend you to play around with this example static modify for example because there
are a ton of stuff in here.
So that's an exercise that I would recommend you to do is to play around with this and trying to understand
this example completely.
There are also a few comments in here to explain what's happening.
So you can try and spend some time with it and you should be able to understand them clearly.
Until the next week or so I.